♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pup, Pup, Goose."
Not a goose.
[sighs] Not a goose.
[Ryder] Any luck, Marshall?
Nope, but I'm sure they'll be here soon.
The leaves from around the Lookout
make a comfy nest for tired geese.
They'll be hungry too.
This should fill their tummies.
[barks]
Bread. Perfect.
[Marshall] Not a goose.
Not a goose.
-[barks]
-Definitely not a goose.
[geese squawking]
What about those?
[Marshall] Yes! Geese!
[howling]
The geese are coming!
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! [grunts]
[grunts]
The geese are coming.
We heard.
[geese squawking]
He likes your nest, Rocky.
[chirps]
Where are you going, silly goose?
[all laughing]
[laughs]
[grunts]
[all laughing]
I got him.
Whoa!
-[grunts]
-[squeaking]
[both grunt]
Are you okay, fuzzy little guy?
[chirps]
Hey, Fuzzy's a great name for you.
Back to your family, Fuzzy.
Nice work, Marshall.
[chirps]
[laughs]
Marshall, you have a new BGFF.
A new what?
"Best Goose Friend Forever."
-[laughs]
-[chirps]
Whoa!
[chirps]
[Marshall laughs]
Oh, sorry, Fuzzy.
[chirps]
[geese squawking]
Mmm.
Okay, Fuzzy, time to hit the hay or nest.
[chirps]
I suppose I could sleep
out here with you guys.
Okay, but just this once.
[both snoring]
[yawns]
[sighs]
Goodbye, geese.
Guess it's time to go.
We'll sure miss you around here.
Where's Fuzzy?
[all squawking]
Fuzzy? Where are you?
Fuzzy?
Where did he go?
Ryder?
Fuzzy is gone.
We have to find him
before his flock leaves.
Fuzzy is missing?
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[all] Ryder's calling.
[yawning]
[grunts]
Morning, Rubble.
Excuse me.
Can someone please turn on the lights?
Oh! [chuckles]
[yawns]
[snores]
Whoa!
[snoring]
[laughs]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Pups, we have an emergency
in our own backyard.
Our geese friends have to migrate
with the rest of their flock.
But they're missing one little goose.
Poor Fuzzy. It's all my fault.
If we don't find him fast,
they'll have to leave him behind.
[beeps]
Chase, I need your megaphone
to try to call Fuzzy.
Chase is on the case.
And Marshall,
Fuzzy would follow you anywhere.
I need you to help look for him too.
I'm fired up.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll.
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[laughs]
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
Whoa!
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
Chase, use your megaphone
to make a goose call.
[barks]
[geese squawking]
Fuzzy doesn't seem to be responding.
[sniffing]
This is Fuzzy's.
[sneezes]
I'm a little allergic to feathers.
He went this way.
[siren blares]
[sneezes]
He went this way.
[sires blaring]
[Fuzzy chirps]
[Seagulls squawking]
Hey, there, little goose.
Would you like
this piece of bread?
[chirps]
[squawks]
[sneezes]
[sneezes] Fuzzy…
[sneezes] …came by here.
[Fuzzy chirps]
Listen. That sounds like Fuzzy.
[gasps] Look up there.
[Marshall]
Those gulls are stealing Fuzzy's food.
Pick on someone your own size.
[squawks]
Fuzzy, fly down here.
He can't.
That plastic soda can ring
is wrapped around his wing.
-[chirps]
-[Marshall] He's going to fall!
Marshall, quick, use your ladder
to get Fuzzy down.
I'm fired up.
[squawking]
[barks]
Back away from the bread.
-[Fuzzy chirps]
-[barks]
[chirps]
I'm coming, Fuzzy!
No!
Use your helmet.
[tweets]
Oh, yes! Sweet catch, Marshall.
Now, let's get this off you.
[laughs]
Whoa!
I'm good.
Fuzzy, there goes your flock.
You need to catch up with them.
Don't worry, Fuzzy.
When you fly back north,
we'll see you again.
And when you migrate back south,
you'll see us again.
And then when you fly north…
Uh, Marshall? Fuzzy needs to get going.
Go ahead. Just keep flapping
and you'll catch up.
Bye, Fuzzy.
[chirps]
I don't think he wants to go.
If he doesn't leave now,
he'll never catch up.
A little gosling belongs
with his family, Marshall.
What can we do?
I know.
Promise not to take this thing too high.
Like, higher than my nose.
Marshall, you aren't afraid of heights.
You just climbed to the roof
of the train station.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Let's take to the sky!
This isn't too high.
[chirping]
Uh, okay, this is kind of high.
[tweets]
Come on, Fuzzy. Time to fly.
Flap, flap.
[Fuzzy tweets]
That's it, Fuzzy. You got it.
Remember, Fuzzy.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just honk for help.
[chirps]
[squawks]
[Marshall] Bye, Fuzzy. Have a safe flight!
[sniffles] You silly goose.
You guys did an awesome job today.
What a bunch of good pups.
[laughs]
[barks]
I'm doing it.
-[chicken clucks]
-Huh?
Chickaletta?
-[clucks]
-Whoa!
[grunts]
Wow. Birds really do like you, Marshall.
[both laugh]
[theme song playing]